ResidentialReporter
===================

This is ResidentialReporter. Specifically it's frontend.

This software package is a module for `Isomer <https://github.com/isomeric/isomer>`__.

Frontend
========

It comes with its own full frontend. Most of Isomer's old frontend technology will be
rebuilt with new technology for this package. This includes:

* rxjs
* ngrx-auto-entities
* ngx-leaflet
* angular-material

So if you want to help out with the frontend, please familiarize yourself
with the concepts of

* rxjs ( https://rxjs.dev/guide/overview ) and especially
* ngrx-auto-entities ( https://briebug.gitbook.io/ngrx-auto-entity/ )

Structure
---------

Data entity components and pages live in src/app/[+locations|+regions|+users|+comments].
(Users and Comments are TBD)

This table gives an overview of the other parts:

+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| Folder     | Description                                   |
+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| components | Reusable components                           |
| core       | Common reusable definitions                   |
| facades    | ngrx-auto-entity facades                      |
| models     | Typescript model definitions for the entities |
| pages      | Static and general functional pages           |
| services   | Common services like websocket communication  |
| state      | ngrx state for entities                       |
+------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Models
~~~~~~

The models are autogenerated via `iso dev export-schemata --output-format typescript`
from the backend module, where they are defined as Isomer objects.

They may currently contain manual adaptations, those should be automated, soon.

Do not change them in the frontend, this won't work!

Demo
----

A preliminary demo instance of the frontend (only - no backend online, yet):

https://residentialreporter.github.io/residentialreporter-frontend/index.html

Development
-----------

.. code-block::

  $ git clone https://github.com/residentialreporter/residentialreporter-frontend
  $ cd residentialreporter-frontend
  $ npm install -g @ionic/cli @angular/cli
  $ npm install
  $ ionic serve

..this should set you up with a working development frontend.

Webpack Bundle Analyzer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can analyze the generated webpack bundle thus:

.. code-block::

    $ ng build --stats-json
    $ ./node_modules/.bin/webpack-bundle-analyzer www/stats.json

Translations
============

en - common untranslated code
de - first official language

Add yours!

Bugs & Discussion
=================

The frontend repository itself intentionally has no own issue tracker.

Please research any bugs you find via our `Github issue tracker for
ResidentialReporter <https://github.com/residentialreporter/residentialreporter/issues>`__
and report them, if they're still unknown.
